Add pages add native code and types (#129)
NativeScript/docs: content/guide/native-code/android.md

├─ Android/
│  ├─ app.gradle
│  ├─ libs/
│  │  ├─ HelloAndroidLib.aar  # Android Archive
│  │  └─ HelloJavaLib.jar     # Java Archive
│  └─ src/
│     └─ main/
│       ├─ java/
│       │  ├─ com/example/HelloKotlin.kt  # Kotlin source code
│       │  └─ com/example/HelloJava.java  # Java source code
│       └─ res/
└─ ... more
```

## Adding Java code

Define the java file within the path `App_Resources/Android/src/main/java`.

```java
// HelloJava.java
package com.example;

public class HelloJava {
  public String getString() {
    return "Hello from Java!";
  }
}
```

Given the example above, your JavaScript or TypeScript code can reference the Java code by using the full class names, e.g.

```typescript
const helloJava = new com.example.HelloJava()
console.log('Java says: ' + helloJava.getString())
// prints: Java says: Hello from Java!
```

:::tip Note

If using TypeScript, you may need to [generate typings](/guide/native-code/generate-types), or alternatively declare the top level package name as `any`, e.g.

```typescript
declare const com: any
```
:::

## Adding Kotlin code

### Kotlin Setting

#### Enable kotlin

If using Kotlin source files, must be enabled.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Kotlin, it must be enabled first.
```

> Set `useKotlin` in `gradle.properties`, the full path of this file is `App_Resources/Android/gradle.properties`, if it does not exist yet you must create it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set `useKotlin=true` in `App_Resources/Android/gradle.properties` (create the file if it doesn't exist).
```

Author: @rigor789 Even if `useKotlin=true` is added to the paragraph, I would keep the `properties` block, personally I think it is much more readable to see blocks than to see code in the middle of a paragraph. But if it keeps the block it seems fine to me

Reviewer: Yes, both are fine - just simplified wording in the sentence for easier readability.
